Transaction support, refactoring (#27)
shipmonk-rnd/doctrine-two-phase-migrations: README.md

### Configuration in symfony application:

If your `Doctrine\ORM\EntityManagerInterface` is autowired, just register few services in your DIC and tag the commands:
```yml
_instanceof:
    Symfony\Component\Console\Command\Command:
        tags:
            - console.command

services:
    ShipMonk\Doctrine\Migration\Command\MigrationInitCommand:
    ShipMonk\Doctrine\Migration\Command\MigrationRunCommand:
    ShipMonk\Doctrine\Migration\Command\MigrationSkipCommand:
    ShipMonk\Doctrine\Migration\Command\MigrationCheckCommand:
    ShipMonk\Doctrine\Migration\Command\MigrationGenerateCommand:
    ShipMonk\Doctrine\Migration\MigrationService:
    ShipMonk\Doctrine\Migration\MigrationConfig:
        $migrationsDir: "%kernel.project_dir%/migrations"

    # more optional parameters:
        $migrationClassNamespace: 'YourCompany\Migrations'
        $migrationTableName: 'doctrine_migration'
        $migrationClassPrefix: 'Migration' # will be appended with date('YmDHis') by default

>         $excludedTables: ['my_tmp_table'] # is always appended with $migrationTableName

Reviewer: The comment is not clear

```suggestion
        $excludedTables: ['my_tmp_table'] # Migration table (`$migrationTableName`) is always added to excluded tables automatically
```
